hey guys it's detonator here and I built
a little creative world the Shelf
texture packs because you know Stephie
gives me a lot of his packs and I like
to show them off because I'm a ball and
I like showing off my packs and someone
just messaged me on skype so I'm getting
a little bit of lag spike so bear with
me on this but basically what I've been
doing I have been making a legend of
zelda pack and pretty much it I've been
working on the sword for like a couple
of days and it's been really annoying
and stuff like that but there's like all
the items and all that good stuff so I
can show you everything there is to
everything even the new items so um the
main stuff that I did was the swords
wood sword stone sword iron sword gold
and diamond oh we get these out real
quick i'll get the diamond one out I'll
eventually release oh so you guys can
see it but yeah looks pretty cool i like
the outside layer of it and yeah the
handle is supposed to be like that I
jittered up the limb of them the text
Rihanna to make it kind of look like
sort of like the hilt whatever fat oh
and my parents really have somebody
that's fantastic but yeah alright so
it's a faithful everything's faithful
based i'm probably going to put some
like like a triforce on the Front's of
the chest plates or something like that
so that it looks cooler umm what else
did I change what else did I change I
changed oh yeah I changed my pickaxe my
diamond pickaxe doesn't look like a oh
my nevermind i need to change that okay
so there's one two three four particles
that I need to like erase all clear so
doesn't stick out like that but just
imagine it without the little wieners
sticking out besides so yeah that's all
good right yeah okay um mmm particles I
changed a lot a lot so um I has a lot of
health iron golems right yeah there's no
spawn egg fun that's fantastic Oh spawn
so just the goal on that I know there's
spawn freaking okay I don't know maybe
I'm just fat yeah that's probably a yeah
I'm fat all right so I guess they're
going to use um I don't know what to use
um as these horses because animal abuse
I'm going to use a wooden sword though
so you can actually see the particles
yeah I like the flirt it's cool i like
the smaller handle alright so some
particles if they're going to show up
udham true udham try lotus is okay oh I
use the wrong sword um so what's this
drama right over i'll just go over land
uses a wooden sword hearing or yeah yeah
try forces of the crits and i'll have to
fix the other hit particles but the
death particles are high roll cymbals Oh
speed particles speed speed speed this
long-lasting one there we go
ooh oops sorry all right so symbols are
the Gorgons i think if i remember right
yeah but so the Gorgons symbols and i'm
adam selling stuff because i'm not a
little butthole i just puts pictures on
I gotta make them spin and do stuff and
do crazy stuff like just so yeah um I'm
pretty sure that's it everything else is
faithful and yeah just the effects and
stuff like that well I think I changed
the region I might have changed to
region yeah the region is um if you can
pop up the Gorgons covering it up but
the region is like this purple looking
thing like the same color is this but
yeah anyways it's a little bit of a run
through of the new texture pack that
I've been making I'll probably sit once
I make it look a lot better it's just
like prototype stage prototype so yeah
I'll get back to you guys whenever that
happens and peace out guys hopefully
that be so message me back because my
copyright strikes over with so yeah ok
see you guys